This is the source code for the Filesystem Hierarchy Standard (FHS), a
standard for laying out filesystems for UNIX-like systems.  It is the
recognized standard for most Linux systems.

BUILDING
--------

The standard is maintained in the DocBook format.  Up to version 2.3,
it used the older DocBook SGML format, but for 3.0, it was upgraded to
comply with DocBook XML.

To build readable versions of the standard, you will need the
following tools installed:

 - make (tested with GNU make)
 - xmlto
 - xsltproc (required for PDF generation)
 - docbook-xsl (required for PDF generation)
 - fop (required for PDF generation)
 - libxml2-utils (for xmllint)

(Note: these are the package names as reported on Ubuntu 11.04; a
search on those names should show the equivalent package names for
your distribution, or an upstream download link for non-Linux
systems.)

To build one-page HTML, chunked HTML, PDF, and text versions of the
FHS, just run "make".  Each of these targets can be selected
individually via "make {target}" where "{target}" is "fhs.html",
"fhs/book.html", "fhs.pdf", or "fhs.txt", respectively.  After
changing the DocBook, "make valid" will check for XML validity (which
everyone changing the DocBook should do frequently).

STYLESHEET ISSUES
-----------------

Generating the PDF may fail with an error that looks something like this:

  warning: failed to load external entity "/tmp/fo/docbook.xsl"
  cannot parse /tmp/fo/docbook.xsl

This indicates that we're looking in the wrong place for the XSL
stylesheet.  During the build, we look for the stylesheet's full path
in the file "stylesheet_path"; if this file doesn't exist, we create
one with a guess based on where the file is installed on most Linux
systems.  If this isn't the correct location for your system, save the
proper full path to that file before building.  For example, if your
stylesheet is stored in /opt/xml/docbook/fo/docbook-to-fo.xsl, this
command should be sufficient to cause the build to work:

  echo "/opt/xml/docbook/fo/docbook-to-fo.xml" > stylesheet_path

Running "make clean" will remove this file, so for normal development,
rely on make's dependency rules to rebuild what's necessary rather
than using "make clean" if you need to override the stylesheet path,
or keep a copy of the override around.
